*När använder man ​add​ respektive ​commit​?

Git add :
Adds files to the Git index, which is a staging area for objects prepared to be committed. 
Add tells git to start tracking a file. 

Git commit :
Captures a snapshot of the project's currently staged changes. 


*Vad är ​pull​ repektive ​push​?

The git pull command is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository 
and immediately update the local repository to match that content. 

The git push command is used to upload local repository content to a remote repository. 
Pushing is how you transfer commits from your local repository to a remote repo. 
Or contribute the updated instructions that we have done, back to the originrepository.


*När använder man ​log​ respektive ​status​?

Git logs allow you to review and read a history of everything that happens to a repository. 
The history is built using git-log , a simple tool with a ton of options 
for displaying commit history.

The git status command displays the state of the working directory and the staging area. 
It lets you see which changes have been staged, which haven't, and which files aren't being tracked by Git. 
Status output does not show you any information regarding the committed project history.


*Hur kan man formulera sig i sina commit-meddelanden?

git commit message :
-Separate subject from body with a blank line.
-Do not end the subject line with a period.
-Capitalize the subject line and each paragraph.
-Use the imperative mood in the subject line.
-Wrap lines at 72 characters.
-Use the body to explain what and why you have done something.



*Det finns flera sätt att rulla tillbaka koden till ett tidigare tillstånd. 
 Förklara skillnaden ochmotivera när man skulle använda den ena eller andra metoden. 
 Ge gärna exempel påde kommandon du använder för att göra detta och vissa att det fungerar, 
 vilken output du fick från git-kommandona eller din IDE.
 
git stash :
This command is to get our earlier version back.

git revert :
These commands are when we do something wrong and we want to fix it.

git reset :
This command is used to undo local changes to the state of a Git repo. 
Git reset operates on "The Three Trees of Git". 
These trees are the Commit History ( HEAD ), the Staging Index, and the Working Directory.
